How do you move under the Thousand Mile Stone?
Did you unload the heavy words?
You can't talk nonsense with bullying.
It must be this Jiao who is playing tricks
Put away your dirty tricks
If you really have that ability
Take the unicorn face to face
You are like this
What's the difference between those clowns who are favored by the crowd?
Five gods of war
Is it just this shallow knowledge?
What presumptuous
Dare to disrespect the god of war
You ate bear hearts and leopard gall
Now I know how to use the name of the god of war to crush people
You were like a lost dog
When I brought him to me, still young, to cry
Not so arrogant and domineering
hubris
Signed a marriage contract with you that year
It's just that I'm drunk and confused
Now you don't have to make a fuss about death again
Yes, if he said that the Lu family was cornered back then
It's because of the commercial encirclement
Then your Ye family is purely because of Lu Yong's incompetence
Dare not dare to enter the battlefield to kill the enemy
I only dare to live
If there is no luck of the unicorn, it will be brave
Why can the descendants of your Ye family win many military achievements?
How can you be worthy of a defeated general
Abandoned minister
Your blood vessels are talking nonsense to me
It's the other way around.
Say you're stubborn
That year, the nine major families died at the end of the year
If there is no unicorn luck, you will win
As far as your qualifications can be called trash
I can't even get up the ladder in front of Yuan Yinzong Mountain
Let alone enter the sect for cultivation, come to the door and enter the room
I used the momentum of the unicorn to change your mottled life
thus
After you take care of your family, you practice a thousand miles in the innate spiritual root
It's better for your family to even have a problem with dog life, and you are more flustered
What five smooth roads prevent monkey children from you?
eleven you
And you, your nine families
Back then, it was just nine boys who were not in the trend
I used the rhyme of the unicorn to change your destiny
Thousands of famous doors in the world
I think about the rhyme of the unicorn day and night
Can't ask for it
And you learn that not only are you ungrateful
The cold road is against the sky
Reversal Universe
Without the Kylin Blade
Must have you
It is the meaning of thousands of ants in this world
Born Like Cao Jian
Life sword is like you
Born to be Human
No talent
powerless
But never be ungrateful